com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/Hilt_SourceNewsContentsFragment.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.Hilt_SourceNewsContentsFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_activities_SourceContentPage_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_activities_SourceContentPage_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_SearchNewsPage_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_SearchNewsPage_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_breakingnews_BaseApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_breakingnews_BaseApplication
com/example/breakingnews/data/di/AppModule_ProvideNewsApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideNewsApiServiceFactory
com/example/breakingnews/ui/activities/Hilt_SourceContentPage.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.activities.Hilt_SourceContentPage
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.activities.Hilt_SourceContentPage$1
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_breakingnews_BaseApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_breakingnews_BaseApplication
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/Hilt_ArticleFragment.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.Hilt_ArticleFragment
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/SavedNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.SavedNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/data/api/helper/NewsApiHelperImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.api.helper.NewsApiHelperImpl_Factory
com/example/breakingnews/DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.breakingnews.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_data_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_data_di_AppModule
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/MainFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.MainFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/data/di/AppModule_ProvideNewsDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideNewsDatabaseFactory
com/example/breakingnews/data/di/AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/Hilt_SourcePageFragment.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.Hilt_SourcePageFragment
com/example/breakingnews/BaseApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/Hilt_SearchNewsFragment.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.Hilt_SearchNewsFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SearchNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SearchNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/ArticleFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.ArticleFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/Hilt_MainFragment.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.Hilt_MainFragment
com/example/breakingnews/databse/NewsDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.NewsDatabase_Impl
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.NewsDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/Hilt_SavedNewsFragment.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.Hilt_SavedNewsFragment
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/SearchNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.SearchNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/data/di/AppModule_ProvideOkHttpFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideOkHttpFactory
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideOkHttpFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/breakingnews/ui/viewmodel/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/breakingnews/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.breakingnews.BuildConfig
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/SourcePageFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.SourcePageFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/Hilt_BaseApplication.java
 com.example.breakingnews.Hilt_BaseApplication
 com.example.breakingnews.Hilt_BaseApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SavedNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SavedNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SourcePageFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SourcePageFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SourceNewsContentsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_SourceNewsContentsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/ui/activities/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.activities.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.activities.Hilt_MainActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_activities_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_activities_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/ui/SearchNewsPage_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.SearchNewsPage_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/databse/dao/NewsDao_Impl.java
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.dao.NewsDao_Impl
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.dao.NewsDao_Impl$1
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.dao.NewsDao_Impl$2
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.dao.NewsDao_Impl$3
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.dao.NewsDao_Impl$4
 com.example.breakingnews.databse.dao.NewsDao_Impl$5
com/example/breakingnews/ui/Hilt_SearchNewsPage.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.Hilt_SearchNewsPage
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.Hilt_SearchNewsPage$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/breakingnews/repository/MainRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.repository.MainRepository_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_MainFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_MainFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_ArticleFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_fragments_ArticleFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_breakingnews_ui_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_breakingnews_ui_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/breakingnews/ui/activities/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.activities.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/ui/fragments/SourceNewsContentsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.fragments.SourceNewsContentsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/BaseApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/breakingnews/ui/activities/SourceContentPage_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.activities.SourceContentPage_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/data/di/AppModule_ProvideNewsServiceFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideNewsServiceFactory
com/example/breakingnews/ui/viewmodel/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/breakingnews/BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.breakingnews.BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/breakingnews/ui/viewmodel/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.ui.viewmodel.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/breakingnews/data/di/AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/breakingnews/data/di/AppModule_ProvideNewsDaoFactory.java
 com.example.breakingnews.data.di.AppModule_ProvideNewsDaoFactory
